[filebeat][GCS] - Segregated max_workers from batch/page size of the response (#44333)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-gcs.md

### `max_workers` [attrib-max_workers-gcs]

This attribute defines the maximum number of workers (goroutines / lightweight threads) are allocated in the worker pool (thread pool) for processing jobs which read the contents of files. This attribute can be specified both at the root level of the configuration and at the bucket level. Bucket level values override the root level values if both are specified. Larger number of workers do not necessarily improve of throughput, and this should be carefully tuned based on the number of files, the size of the files being processed and resources available. Increasing `max_workers` to very high values may cause resource utilization problems and can lead to a bottleneck in processing. Usually a maximum cap of `2000` workers is recommended. A very low `max_worker` count will drastically increase the number of network calls required to fetch the objects, which can cause a bottleneck in processing.

::::{note}

> The `batch_size` and `max_workers` attributes are now decoupled. `batch_size` determines how many objects are fetched in a single API call (i.e., the pagination size), while `max_workers` controls the number of concurrent goroutines used to process the fetched objects. Although these values are independent, they should be configured thoughtfully to ensure efficient workload distribution and optimal performance. For example, setting `batch_size=100` and `max_workers=10` means each pagination request fetches `100` objects, which are then processed by `10` concurrent goroutines. The appropriate value for `max_workers` depends on factors such as the number of files to be processed, available system resources, and network bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `batch_size` and `max_workers` attributes are decoupled but functionally related. `batch_size` determines how many objects are fetched in a single API call (i.e., the pagination size), while `max_workers` controls the number of concurrent goroutines used to process the fetched objects. Although these values are independent, they should be configured thoughtfully to ensure efficient workload distribution and optimal performance. For example, setting `batch_size=100` and `max_workers=10` means each pagination request fetches `100` objects, which are then processed by `10` concurrent goroutines. The appropriate value for `max_workers` depends on factors such as the number of files to be processed, available system resources, and network bandwidth.
```
